# Image-creation-With-GANs
Creation of Images with Deep Convolutional Generative Adversarial Network.

Here we want implement a model which will be able to create images with GANs (Generative Adversarial Networks) and to do this, we will implement in three steps.
The first step of our deep convolutional GANs will consist to define the GENERATOR and the second step will be to define the DISCRIMINATOR which will allow us to have the brains and then we will train these brains to generate fake images. 

To define the generator, we will need two steps. First, we will make a class that will define the architecture of the neural network oh the generator. So we will put in a sequence to different modules that’s the different layers of he neural network then we’ll make the forward function to propagate the signal inside and then one this class is done, we will be able to create the generator itself that is the neural networking. We start with class and then we give the name of te class which is going to be G for the generator and we will call the class for the discriminator D. 

So these are the steps of our Deep Convolutional GANs

-Importing the libraries

-Setting some hyperparameters

-Creating the transformations, we create a list of transformations (scaling, tensor conversion, normalization) to apply to the input images.

-Defining the weights_init function that takes as input a neural network m and that will initialize all its weights.

-Defining the generator, and then we apply a Tanh rectification to break the linearity and stay between -1 and +1. Finally, we create the generator.	

-Defining the discriminator, and then we apply a Tanh rectification to break the linearity and stay between 0 and 1. Finally, we create the discriminator.

-Training the Deep Convolutional GANs
	
	1st Step: Updating the weights of the neural network of the discriminator

	** Training the discriminator with a real image of the dataset

	**Training the discriminator with a fake image generated by the generator

	**Backpropagating the total error

	2nd Step: Updating the weights of the neural network of the generator

	3rd Step: Printing the losses and saving the real images and the generated images of the minibatch every 100 steps, We print les losses of the discriminator (Loss_D) and the generator (Loss_G).
